feat: add plugin support (#3)
BobbieGoede/gezondheid: README.md

Gezondheid `/ɣəˈzɔntˌɦɛi̯t/` (Dutch for "Health") is a simple CLI tool to periodically check the health of URLs.

👷‍♂️ This project (and readme) is under construction

## Plugins

> Behaviour can be extanded with 3th party plugins like [gezonheid-hook](https://github.com/LiamEderzeel/gezondheid-hook) to add webhook support when healthchecks fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Behaviour can be extended with 3rd party plugins like [gezondheid-hook](https://github.com/LiamEderzeel/gezondheid-hook) to add webhook support when health checks fail.
```
